Small update to intro docs (#1095)
scalacenter/scalafix: docs/users/installation.md

The first error message means the
[SemanticDB](https://scalameta.org/docs/semanticdb/guide.html) compiler plugin
is not enabled for this project. The second error says `RemoveUnused` requires

> the Scala compiler option `-Ywarn-unused` (Keep in mind that this compiler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Scala compiler option `-Ywarn-unused-import` (or `-Wunused:imports` in 2.13.x)
```

Reviewer: Let's provide the exact option to use in 2.13. Most users only care about removing unused imports, not other unused expressions. I sometimes regret having merged the rule to remove unused imports with the rule to remove other unused expressions..

Author: I suppose, being explicit is probably better here. Changed this 👍
